# Util Obsession

## Utility classes
Util classes are classes that collects static methods (functions) that are used on multiple places in your code base. The reason they exist is to keep the code DRY so that multiple places where the same task is preformed can reuse the same code.

It is also very common that Util classes receives methods that operate on data (classes) that you can't add methods to. It can be classes that are imported from a library or classes generated by tooling.

## Primitive obsession

One of the most common data that you normally can't add behavior (methods) to is primitive types. Still we tend to use Strings and numbers to represent IDs, passwords or usernames. To be able to create a domain language in our code and give domain ideas behavior we need to create domain objects.

Even though Util classes and Primitive Obsession are two distinct smells they often appear together.

## The Task

In this codebase there is a Util class with helper methods to handle passwords, parsing and user data. In practice these methods would be spread over multiple classes and the classes might not carry the typical Util name.

Your assignment is to refactor so that there are domain objects wrapping the primitive types. That all the methods in the Util class is moved to these domain objects.

## Extra

There is a typo in the code that should become apparent when the primitive types are replaced with domain types. Se if you can spot it.

The exercise is possible to finish in intellij (Java) without using anything else then the refactor menu, in other words: tool assisted refactorings. Try to do this, without relying on the tests, and don't forget to commit after each refactoring.